[Music]
eight ABS exercises for beginners you
can do anywhere it might seem that there
are too many obstacles on your path to a
beautiful six-pack after all you need to
buy a membership to a fancy gym with all
its machinery and highly qualified
trainers don't you think you're making
it all a little bit more difficult than
it needs to be here are eight effective
exercises for your abs and they're
perfectly suitable for beginners in
addition you don't need any special
equipment to do them you can train
wherever you want let's try this workout
together shall we
but before you change into your training
outfit click the red subscription button
this will take you to the bright side of
life where a lot of cool stuff happens
every day and if you ring the
notification bell you'll always be the
first to find out about daily updates on
the channel okay are you ready to sweat
a bit and spread your gym mat on the
floor so it's not a problem if you don't
have one and listen attentively to the
exercise instructions number one high
knee taps this is a warm-up exercise
what you need to do is run in place
lifting your knees to your chest as high
as you can let's start you are to run
for 45 seconds then rest for 15 seconds
athletes often use this exercise at the
beginning of their training to improve
their speed flexibility and power it's a
perfect warm-up exercise even if you're
short on time you need to warm up before
every workout this process has numerous
benefits it prepares your muscles lungs
and hard for a stretch of strenuous
activity during a warm-up the
temperature of your muscles increases as
a result they can contract with more
force and relax faster this way you have
a lower risk of stretching a muscle or
injuring yourself the temperature of
your blood rises as well this makes
oxygen more readily available to your
muscles and this improves your
performance your blood vessels will
dilate and your blood flow will increase
so your heart experiences less stress
large joints such as the knees and
shoulders get an increased range of
motion on top of all that by doing a
warm-up you mentally prepare for your
workout right now take some time to
catch your breath and let's move to the
main part of this ab workout number two
Russian twists here's how you do this
exercise sit down and bend your knees a
bit your back needs to be positioned at
a 45 angle to the floor make sure it's
perfectly straight start twisting your
upper body to the left then to the right
keep doing this for 20 seconds Russian
twists don't only make your abdominal
muscles stronger they also train your
lower back and oblique muscles if you're
done with the first part of Russian
twists let's make life a bit harder for
you now you need to lift your feet off
the ground keep your back in the same
position as before if you feel that you
can cope with some extra pressure do the
twists with a dumbbell in your hands
keep going for another 20 seconds this
variation will strengthen your
transverse abdominal muscle which runs
deeply along the sides of your
midsection if you train it well it will
give you a flat belly appearance since
it pulls everything in work great job
now you can relax for a bit
number three standing bicycle crunches
beginners often complain that
traditional crunches cause discomfort if
you share the sentiment try standing
bicycle crunches they're a good plays
the alternative in a standing position
spread your feet so they are hip-width
apart
place your hands behind your head make
sure your core is tight and your back is
straight relax your shoulders
simultaneously raise your right leg
which is bent at the knee and lower your
left elbow towards the knee return to
the initial position now repeat the same
movement on the opposite side let's
repeat this exercise five times for each
side this will train your abdominal and
oblique muscles and your rotational
muscles as well what's more this
exercise will help to strengthen your
core
have you finished have a rest now let's
see what else this workout has in store
for you
number four classic plank this is a
super effective multi-purpose exercise
even better you can regulate how
difficult it will be lie down on the
floor or your gym mat position yourself
in such a way that only your toes and
forearms touch the ground your torso
should be rigid make sure that it forms
a straight line from your toes to your
ears no sagging or bending is allowed
relax your neck you should be facing the
floor stay this way for 10 seconds at
first in addition to strengthening your
abdominal muscles you'll improve the
performance and definition of your core
the risk of a back or spinal column
injury will significantly decrease and
your posture will become something
everybody will envy and the cherry on
top will be your increased metabolism
how did you like this exercise try to
add several more seconds every time you
do the plank you'll soon notice that you
don't have any problems staying in this
position for up to 60 seconds
number five plank knees to elbows
there are countless alternative ways to
perform the plank
let's try one of these variations you
need to assume the same position you had
when you were doing the plank this time
you need to move your knees up to your
chest one at a time one knee up to your
elbow then back down to the floor repeat
this movement with the other knee do 10
repetitions on each side this plank
variation helps the strengthen your
abdominal muscles the core and shoulders
when you add a need to elbow movement it
increases the intensity of the exercise
what's more it helps you improve your
balance and train your legs number six
roll up now on to an exercise that's as
much fun as it is useful here's how to
do it correctly lie down on your back
with your arms stretched over head and
your legs straight lift your arms off
the floor first and then your shoulders
start to roll up to a sitting position
sit up for a bit with your hands lifted
roll back to the lying position do this
slowly one vertebra at a time when you
do this exercise slowly you engage your
muscles much more than when you rush to
roll up and down do 10 repetitions of
this set this exercise is also a
multi-purpose one it helps to tone not
only your abs but also your hip flexors
in addition it stretches your back and
hamstrings by the way if you have tight
hamstrings and your knees a bit and keep
your feet flat on the floor number seven
rolling like a ball
yay it's getting more and more exciting
now you're going to experience how a
rolling ball feels just don't roll too
far away from your gym mat sit down and
hug your shins with your hands at your
ankle curve your back by dropping your
shoulders and widening your back lift
your feet off the floor and check you
and keep your balance pull your lower
abs in and roll back on the inhale be
very careful not to roll on your neck
stay in this position for a short while
of an exhale strain your abdominal
muscles and return to the initial
position repeat this exercise ten times
rolling like a ball will help you deeply
work your abdominals while also
stimulating your spine it might be a bit
difficult to roll straight not to fall
to the side at first but the more you
exercise the more well-balanced this
move gets
number eight earthquake
this exercise is often used in Pilates
classes to do it correctly you need to
sit with your legs and arms stretch
straight ahead and your shoulders move
back you need to lean back keeping your
abs as tight as possible if you feel
that you're starting to shake that's
when an earthquake begins stay in this
position for as long as you can your
body should tremble and that's a
perfectly normal reaction let's hold
this position for 30 seconds today this
exercise primarily targets your abs it
also helps to train your lower back and
hip flexors there are many variations of
the earthquake exercising but this is a
basic one how is the shaking do you feel
your six-pack starting to become more
visible the workout is finished for
today hopefully you had a good time keep
doing these exercises at least four
times a week and you'll see the results
pretty soon how often do you train what
is your favourite exercise tell us in
the comments below remember to hit the
like button and subscribe to our channel
you'll get fitter on the bright side of
life
[Music]